pay attention because auron is coming in supre
auron the impaler the impaler
lao And it is that auron Play has uploaded the
following stories showing his
followers that he is starting a new
routine at the gym It never fails they break your
heart and you start [ __ ] like a drawer
that doesn't close no puc mes Look,
even my hand is shaking, man no puc mes Oh gemita, it has
already been confirmed that he has a certain sympathy
for footballers, especially from
Andorra Fútbol Club and that there would be several that he has
hit on and several others
by which she has let herself be loved and
some from the Kings League have hit on you,
player from the whole Kings League it
could be and from Andorra, yes, not even names,
well, you'll never know until later And it is that
emita loves to play with
ambiguity, she does not give names but in this
other story, apart from confirming her
hobby with footballers, she dropped hints about her
new relationship with auron Play
[Music] it
will not be another footballer, as if
implying herself in her own
Instagram story That for her the
Andorra field is something like that  like the
mercadon at 7 in the evening we
came we put the pineapple upside down they gave us a
scolding we made friends
But you crashed like the trolley Yes
we crashed the trolley How nice or what
about is it worse what is auron worse than a
footballer gemita apart from scoring goals
well scoring goals depends on which
goal it is Of course but I understand that you are
referring to the fame issue no and the fact is
that the Andorra Fúbol Club field for
Gemita is not only something similar to the
set of F day And apart from being a
place of work or a hobby and a place to
meet people and open your
social field it also usually takes the boys
that you know and that you are flirting with
like for example here with one of the
Martinez twins my people
we are here on the east field and look there is a we have given birth to all the footballers go ch What's up my kids Welcome to one more day on the Channel how are you I hope you are enjoying the week this is already becoming
a series it is becoming
a bit of a series no I mean the videos about
Gemita And it's that no  they stop coming out
news gossip gossip it's
becoming a kind of series on
the channel we have like four videos
on this subject if my
calculations are correct over here the editor will be putting
the last one so you can go see it
because the truth is it was wonderful it was a
joy but I have some updates
I am Javi oliveira welcome one more day
to my channel if you are interested and you like
this type of content do not forget to
subscribe leave the like and above all I
want you to be very active in the
comments box okay because I bring you some substance
And the last thing that has come to me is
priceless and I needed to tell you as
soon as possible that Gemita not only
likes to flirt with
soccer players especially as I have already told you
from Andorra Fútbol Club but also that she
has even flirted with the owner
who also happens to be the
owner of Kill le the very same piqu in
person they earn more but you don't let yourself be seen
much around the
Andorra field the new one an
Opa is very typical or rather the
return stick is very typical Gemita  I mean,
no, when things, when things go
wrong, Gemita, you know that Gerard disappears,
look what he did with
Barça, why do you want Gerard to be
seen more around the Andorra field,
Gemita, your training place, and right
after telling him that he
earns more in person? I mean, he's more handsome when you
put him down and celebrated when
Shakira dedicated a viral song to him with more
than 750 million views in
which she said how unfaithful Piqué was, you
celebrated it, you sang it, you danced it and
maybe you are against
infidelity as long as you are not the
protagonist Maybe you would have not cared
if Piqué was unfaithful to
Shakira if Clara chia had been you
[Music]
no, no, no, it was not true, it was true
because she is a wolf and he is a cat like everyone else,
empowered, no way, come here now
that you are going to eat the bread, the bread from the
oven from days ago, it seems
incredible I find it incredible I find it
incredible because I imagine that Piqué
must have put in it  cane or some [ __ ] like that
because of all the songs she's
making and er it's like it's not
my fault kid
and this seems to me c women don't
call anymore women make money zasca I mean
zaska clearly I mean this woman She's a
goddess there's a record okay there's a record and
well I guess that all there is a record And
this what And this that a lot of gym but I
work the brain we get to p the ground
Not from hell what Give me your hand darling I'm
sorry that you've gone
very far down and that right now It's in
the center of the earth it has descended
to the inside of the earth [ __ ] not even
Julio Berne got that far I'll
free you up tomorrow and if you want bring
her so come too Shakira if I
ever see you I'm going to stick it up to your neck be
careful Shakira already warns that if she
sees you one day she's going to stick her tongue
down your throat notice that Auro never
wanted to expose her the only thing she said was to
warn that the relationship had broken up
but good thing these things happened
in fact the most she said was that her
heart had been broken  and it was
Gemita herself who confirmed
Auron's infidelities in her own way. Of course,
and with a slightly nuanced version in which she
gave up on anyone getting angry
if she was cheated on and yet
she responded with some
pretty strong accusations towards Auron,
even insinuating abuse, but you have to be
bad people to after all try to
humiliate him, as if to say that he
wanted to get back with you and you didn't say it. Look at him, how much
leather Gemita has, she already knows
perfectly well that
football players are usually the same as her, that's why she
laughs at the jokes, how many girls have you
slept with in the same night,
one with Gref, the same, basically with
Gre, it hasn't been confirmed that he has been
unfaithful to me, it seems to me that he has, but well,
basically it's also a matter of adding
two + two, practically if with Auron in
a few weeks he cheated on her
more than three times in the 5 years that she was
with Gref, that he hasn't had time and
that's even though my poor little Gref thought he was
going to be together with her all his life,
my love. Let's  been together all our lives
this is super
nice and despite all the
rumors which are quite strong And you
know that we were also
commenting in the previous video that he
dropped on some occasion that
when the river sounds, water carries If the river
sounds, water carries he also wanted to end it
well with her or at least
publicly the same as Auron has done you
start to imagine things that if this one
contributes badly with the other that if Eh
infidelities we are not going to give you
explanations of anything but the
reality is that nothing has happened or I mean I
consider that uh we have separated and and and and we are
no longer together and we have
done it in a very healthy way the [ __ ]
that I have had to receive on all
social networks has been unfaithful that if you
say one I don't know what I don't know how many that
for me has been the most unpleasant thing that I have
experienced inventing stories that if he had
done such that if it was I don't know but
with Gemita it can't be Maybe it is that
sincerely greev at first
of the breakup or he did not want to
cancel it and burn it mediatically
like it happened to  auron or well he really
thought he was the special one and that he had
n't done anything to him but he soon
started dropping hints that made it
pretty clear what he was really
thinking Look for example a kid says
I didn't believe my ex girlfriend for example
No my boyfriend isn't going to cheat on me then boom we
trusted each other and things got complicated you were
manipulating me you shouldn't
have said
that I don't want to see you again I don't want to see you again
Could you
forgive me surely there were many red
flags throughout those 5 years that
made gref realize the
situation or maybe well how it
caught him young Well they passed by
but it's true that there were things
like he himself did realize
that when alcohol entered
his body even if it was just a drop
something uncontrollable happened Who
is more likely to get drunk So he
starts drinking and it
ends also very well but
aant per enters his
body and it
starts I think I'm quite careful
not to cross that line where
you instead in cio
inclusive change that di  at the time
live where I already told you a month
before it went viral that Gemita
had cheated on Auron
several times until Auro caught her in a
way that she could not deny it if not she
would have continued hiding it that's why you
have to be subscribed to this channel
with the bell active so you don't miss
anything I talk about and not be the
last to find out later because then
the crying comes subscribe in which
one of the things I told you was that
Gemita when she went out Well when she went out
when she came in she practically couldn't
control herself she has a very intense way of living
her sexual life and I think that
with everything that we're
showing you and everything that is being seen
Now here everything together Well I think there is no
doubt that the same thing happened to her
for example with Adri Contreras Although they
both later came out to deny it well
they claimed that they were drunk but they
denied any type of kiss well
they both believe that I swear it's not what it
seems you're swallowing it brother it's not what it
seems look look nothing nothing  ball ball ball ball doesn't
say anything Don't [ __ ] with me you're up to your
neck in there What are you saying look
How are things yesterday
A rumor was confirmed that was practically an
open secret And it's that both of them
had already dropped it on some occasion The
only interesting fact that I found that I
think well you knew that at the
esland party they tried to kiss
robley
non-
exclusively I found these statements
from her in a podcast and I'm going to put it
with the clip in the video where she says
that at the esans party I think it's the
latter she tried to
kiss roble even though he
told her not to because exactly Exactly
but she told him but if you see or
feel anything
Ah gay is gay he's gay he has a partner and everything he's
a gentleman his partner is not a gentleman yes he
's like a masado with a beard and all that he
's strong Yeah well that's the most
relevant thing that I found let's say like that for
her [ __ ] or for example I know in
the memories that I tried to
kiss roble what roble is he is Eh he doesn't
like girls well I get I don't know
drunk but I  you didn't like it at all Gema it's
not you it's that I don't like
women and if I kiss you you don't
feel anything you know things like that yes
really and the poor r you would say girl what a [ __ ] bore she
is I don't know sometimes I drink and I
get crazy crazy things and you
would say it happens to you that maybe I'll delete and it's that they
are things that she can't avoid I had been
saying it for a while that Robley
seemed very cuddly to her I just
wanted a hug he's a big Roble I really like him very very
well he's a
lovely Chico he's a great streamer
and youtuber and I am very fond of him The
truth is I played with the Squadron But I
also wanted to invite Roble I was
really excited for him to be with
us I haven't spent much time with
him And such But he's the typical
person that you see And you want to cuddle I mean he
's a cuddly person it's
the word the word is
cuddly Roble is cuddly over here you
have Roble affirming on Twitter
that this Well it didn't sit very well with him
obviously too  she seemed very
cuddly to xer in fact he took a
picture with him cuddling and then gref
wanting to take the thing half jokingly
commented on it with the following tweet But
anyway You who are watching This video and
I you and I know in confidence that
while greb posted this tweet
gemita yoser were like
what are you going to do broadcast with the party with the
cuddles and with the kids that she
even asked ibai to organize
a dating show with her as the
protagonist And the thing is that maybe
you surely found
the comment she made about Shakira
that she wants to stick her tongue all the way in
but even more inappropriate is
the comment she made about aoer being a
minor And the thing is that she doesn't care if she
feels something she tells you Choche we
love you he's my boy You know who was
jealous toxic that toxic tells me you
know when he won't stop making
comments that obviously although they
tried to hide it And although she was
like making light of the matter This
was something that sat badly with gref as it
could not be otherwise okay  ok ok
first conclusion from now on
every time I see a hot girl I'm
going to say it like I'm going to say how
hot this girl is what the [ __ ] what a
[ __ ] she has But anyway by the
way the same day that the
Cher clip was also happened where Gemita
told Cristinini that she made her Hot Hey
I'm seeing everything today with penis shaped things
no something weird is happening to me
Gema Please deactivate there are
children watching I don't know why Cris
every time I'm with you I talk to you
the Hot mode activates eh You want
me to turn off streaming right now and
sub you p andorra come on Come on it's two hours
Just two hours will be worth it I
promise you listen to me you told me
this and my nipple has curled it's not a [ __ ]
[ __ ] Gema in the end I had to think
that you want something with me eh I am very
needy it's that well calm down gref
relax your tits Gemita doesn't care about
age orientation gender okay But
you see it's normal that she tingles a nipple
talking to Cristinini and roleplaying
because I know that here  it really dariza Let's
see I'm sorry cristin You show me
what role really greb thinks Gema
Here I was roleplaying Oh
poor
thing if I knew what he says to me on WhatsApp Oh poor thing Oh poor thing How he deceives himself I mean I mean yeah yeah yeah of course I was roleplaying Sure of course Yes Yes sorry eh Okay sorry well let's change the attitude a little from now on in the
live first I'm going to react to a
video of horny streamers Let's see gref
don't freak out man I mean if I were
gemita that I am the normal dick that the
girl has doubts normal the poor thing
does what she can but she couldn't
resist I understand You can be
called juna I have had a kiss with Espe with
gemita with gona and with many other
friends some kisses I expected
others have been unexpected And if it had been a
what if it was a boy that I like he
is my friend and there is trust just like
with them the same thing would happen I don't
understand what the problem is I don't see the bad thing
and I don't see anything sexual in it It's just a kiss
The next one is either with tongue or
nothing  maichi no idea gemita per
good tickles mees tickles
eh but I like the ones you do like this
you do like this like this let's see like this a
Yes yes this put more 18 Mods please a
this is very intimate Eh This is very
intimate this is what girlfriends do and no and that's it no no
one else can do it if they
are not horns Oh I
really like doing this or even Ursula
Corberó call Gemita guys don't go
call Gemita well come on we
greet you come on go by Hello Gemita
good afternoon How are you Very well and
how are you How did it go with Ursula Well I don't
know it went very well for me but she went a
little crazy Why I don't know Well because the
chat It's weird with these things Uy what
happened doesn't she like it much the mod because
twich is complicated but
but my life No, I'm here don't
pay attention to her she's lying to you that I
'm with IB that I am Ursula How do you
make her suffer so much a little show you are so
cute that  First I also want to tell you
that I admire you a lot as a professional that you
are my CR say va and you have to tell her
that she is my CR that if you leave the relationship and you decide to
try Ceres I will change
sides come on I will keep it in mind and you never
know lately
many secrets about
famous streamers are being revealed through these
anonymous accounts no and in many
cases they are complete hoaxes but in
others they are true I am going to read this to you
because according to what they tell me it could be
true Hello I will be brief I am a former employee
of King currently I no longer work there
but I have contact with people inside you
see it is an open secret that Gemita will
not continue to be president of Porcina
Fútbol Club and b as you have seen she does not want to have any
more relations with Porcina Fútbol Club
but in the minimum yb will buy the
percentage that Gemita has of Porcinas
and will finish her contract in the next
split if she does not leave before also
before the bomb the players did not
pass her because she is quite controlling
remind everyone that there is a rule or
a clause rather that prohibits
players presidents and
others  have sex or have affairs
between them Then probably Well
this clause has most
likely been breached Note that Gemita thought
this ion was a good topic for
a couples therapy live stream in which they were
discussing The salaries and expenses of
a couple in the sense that if one
of the two earns more than the other and has
a higher standard of living than the other, they
should not share the expenses, that
is, it is tremendous Not here what she is
giving us to understand and here is the poor Auron whose
subconscious failed him and he did not want to
see or did not realize what was
coming to him currently Gemita Although she still
has more followers than she had
before starting with Auron, she has already lost
more than 123,000 followers on her
Instagram account, so there is always
something left at the end and on Twitch there are only 27,000
Although it is true that she
is not doing much live streaming and she does not
appear too much in the fit so that nobody
basically recommends her There will be people who do not
even remember that she is there because she does
not appear in their  subscriptions or in
your followers and well family well we
will continue to inform you of any
news that comes out but what a garment what a
garment colleague I send you a huge kiss
I hope you liked the video
visit the channel to see the
previous ones always comment with respect
Please but I want you all to give
your opinion I will be reading you and a
big kiss bye bye
[Music]